OSDOCS#6017 cert-manager : Configuring an ACME issuer (#59702)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-issuer-acme.adoc

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using explicit credentials on AWS
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using ambient credentials on AWS
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-ambient-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using explicit credentials on GCP
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using ambient credentials on GCP
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-ambient-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using explicit credentials on Microsoft Azure
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-azure.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> // Configuring an ACME issuer to solve HTTP01 challenges

Reviewer: PTAL if you want to add HTTP-01 first and the remaining DNS-01 challenges later to that (like it was there previously). But I'd leave for you to decide, consider this one optional :)

Author: Keeping it like it was there previously

toc::[]

The {cert-manager-operator} supports using Automated Certificate Management Environment (ACME) CA servers, such as Let's Encrypt, to issue certificates. Explicit credentials are configured by specifying the secret details in the `Issuer` API object. Ambient credentials are extracted from the environment, metadata services, or local files which are not explicitly configured in the `Issuer` API object.

[NOTE]
====

> To configure an ACME issuer to solve DNS-01 challenges by using explicit and ambient credentials, you can use the `ClusterIssuer` object instead of the `Issuer` object.

Reviewer 2: > you can use the `ClusterIssuer` object instead of the `Issuer` object

This "instead of" seems confusing for me. For explicit, users can use Issuer. For ambient, users can't use Issuer by default but still can use it if cert-manager is configured with --issuer-ambient-credentials.

Author: Addressed. Added two separate notes for clarity

Author: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/59702/files#diff-1fa7438f3b35bcfae2a4c11d374f7c12ecdf578134a7cf3689d2d5ea6c4f7726R11-R31

toc::[]

The {cert-manager-operator} supports using Automated Certificate Management Environment (ACME) CA servers, such as Let's Encrypt, to issue certificates. Explicit credentials are configured by specifying the secret details in the `Issuer` API object. Ambient credentials are extracted from the environment, metadata services, or local files which are not explicitly configured in the `Issuer` API object.

[NOTE]
====

> `Issuer` can only issue certificates from a specific namespace. You can also use `ClusterIssuer` to solve ACME DNS-01 challenges which can issue certificates across all namespaces in the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ClusterIssuer can issue certificates for all namespaces, this does not only apply to ACME clusterissuer, but also for all types of clusterissuers, so removing specific words "solve ACME DNS-01 challenges which can".
```suggestion
`Issuer` is namespace scoped, it can only issue certificates of the same namespace. You can also use `ClusterIssuer` to issue certificates across all namespaces in the cluster.
```

Author: Addressed

> ====
> `Issuer` is namespace scoped. It can only issue certificates from the same namespace. You can also use `ClusterIssuer` to issue certificates across all namespaces in the cluster.
> 
> .Example YAML file that defines the `ClusterIssuer` object
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
> kind: ClusterIssuer
> metadata:
>   name: acme-cluster-issuer
> spec:
>   acme:
>     ...
> ----
> ====
> 
> [NOTE]
> ====
> By default, you can use `ClusterIssuer` with ambient credentials. To use `Issuer` with ambient credentials, you must enable `--issuer-ambient-credentials` for the cert-manager controller.
> ====

Reviewer 3: I know it makes it wordy, but we should use nouns for all of these `monospaced` items
```suggestion
====
The `Issuer` object is namespace scoped. It can only issue certificates from the same namespace. You can also use the `ClusterIssuer` object to issue certificates across all namespaces in the cluster.

.Example YAML file that defines the `ClusterIssuer` object
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: ClusterIssuer
metadata:
  name: acme-cluster-issuer
spec:
  acme:
    ...
----
====

[NOTE]
====
By default, you can use the `ClusterIssuer` object with ambient credentials. To use the `Issuer` object with ambient credentials, you must enable the `--issuer-ambient-credentials` setting for the cert-manager controller.
====
```

toc::[]

The {cert-manager-operator} supports using ACME CA servers, such as Let's Encrypt, to issue certificates. Explicit credentials are configured by specifying the secret details in the `Issuer` API object. Ambient credentials are extracted from the environment, metadata services, or local files which are not explicitly configured in the `Issuer` API object.

// About ACME issuers

> include::modules/cert-manager-acme-about.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer: Under “Supported DNS-01 providers”, can you please remove the note that says: 
```
The cert-manager Operator for Red Hat OpenShift does not support using Google workload identity federation.
```
As we will be supporting GCP with Workload Identity moving forward.

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve HTTP01 challenges
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-http01.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using explicit credentials on AWS
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using ambient credentials on AWS
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-ambient-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using explicit credentials on GCP
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using ambient credentials on GCP
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-ambient-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS01 challenges by using explicit credentials on Microsoft Azure
include::modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-azure.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_cert-manager-operator-issuer-acme"]

> == Additional resources

Reviewer 3: Something weird going on here; these links aren't working.

Looked at [published 4.13 cert-manager Operator docs](https://59702--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/security/cert_manager_operator/index.html), and I see all of these chapters:
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/61474374/5769d34c-18a2-4f2a-b24a-665d1ccaf64e)

But in the preview, all the AWS and GCP stuff is missing :thinking: 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/61474374/83f87222-29c9-4c63-8255-f187c8ec2b3a)

This PR doesn't change the topic map, so I am really not sure what's going on here.

Author: @jeana-redhat Rebasing and pushing worked. Now, the links are working and AWS/GCP sections are showing. Thanks you :)
